User Interface

1.  Landing Page
    1.  In both cases we need the Add Contact button and the Search Bar, call this the Landing Page Header
    2.  If there are no contacts, we have another HTML element under the Landing Page Header which has the text
    "There is no contacts" and another Add Contact button underneath it.
    3.  If there are contacts then we produce rows of contact information:
        1.  Single Contact Information
            1.  Name
            2.  Phone Number
            3.  Email
            4.  Tags
            5.  Edit and Delete Buttons
        2.  Show multiple contacts, limit number of contacts per row to four, then wrap.

2.  Add Contact
    1.  Select any Add Contact Button Brings up a Form.
    2.  This Form has the following fields:
        1.  A Create Contact Header
        2.  A Full name field
        3.  An Email Address field
        4.  A Telephone number field
        5.  A Tags Field
        6.  Submit and Cancel Buttons
    3.  Behavior:
        1.  Full name field, write now it only checks for an empty field which would include nothing but spaces.
        2.  The email field has to have '@something.suffix', in addition to checking for an empty field.
        3.  The phone number just checks for an empty field.
        4.  When a field is not filled out correctly, the field itself along with the label turn red with a error
        message underneath.
        5.  Options:
            1.  Full name must have just letters and something resembling a first and last name.
            2.  More thorough check of email.
            3.  Have a format for telephone number, just use US telephone numbers.
        6.  Tags
            1.  The is a pull down menu for tags, if a tag is added then before submit is selected, the tag
            should show up in another field.
            2.  The user can then add another tag, the previously selected tag should not show up in the list, this
            needs to be an on the spot modification.
    4.  Button behavior
        1.  Moving within the button elements change the color of the button and then change the mouse to a pointer.
        2.  In both cases, after Submit or Cancel we are taken back to the home page.  With Submit the new contact
        appears on the home page.

3.  Delete Contact
    1.  An Alert Pops up asking one if they are sure they want to delete the contact.
    2.  Cancel, Alter goes away view remains the same.
    3.  OK, the contact goes away, but we remain on the all contacts page.

4.  Edit Contact
    1.  Select the Edit Button on any Contact and an Edit Contact Form appears.
    2.  This form has the following fields:
        1.  A Edit Contact Header
        2.  A Full name field
        3.  An Email Address field
        4.  A Telephone Number field
        5.  A Tags Field
        6.  Submit and Cancel Buttons
    3.  Behavior:
        1.  All fields are filled in when the Form first appears.
        2.  Behavior for the Full name, email, and telephone fields are the same as the Add Contact Form.
        3.  Tags
            1.  There is going to be a field which lists the current tags for the contact.
            2.  Under this there will be a select field which will add a single tag to the current Contact tags.
            3.  This will update in real time.  The select field will not offer the current tags associated with the
            user.
            4.  Optional behavior.
                1.  Delete a tag.
                2.  Upon deletion the existing tags are update and the deleted tag is added back into the add tags
                select field.
    4.  Button behavior
        1.  Same button behavior (coloring/pointer) as Add Contact.
        2.  In both cases, after Submit or Cancel we are taken back to the home page.  With submit the modified
        contact appears on the home page.

5.  Search Feature
    1.  As one starts typing letters the search starts working immediately.
    2.  The search is on the full name of the contacts.
    3.  Filtering starts right away, it looks as if the same view is maintained.
    4.  As more than one letter is typed, we look for the substring in the name.
    5.  Searching is refined with each new letter entered.
    6.  If no contacts are found an element is added which much like the "There are not contacts" displays
    "There are no contacts with the letter(s) <search token>"

6.  Tagging Feature
    1.  If there are no Tags then an element is added, just like no contacts says, "There are not tags."
    2.  At the bottom of the Tag feature there will be an add tag field with a label that says Add Tag.
    3.  With the Add Tag feature there will be a button that says Add.
    4.  When the Add button is selected, the Tag will be added to the tag list but the view will remain.
    5.  If tags exist, a tag label will show which is the name of the tag, another button will show which
    says "Shared Contacts", when this button is selected we will present a view which is similar to the landing page
    and which has a title "All Contacts Sharing <selected> Tag".
    6.  Which buttons should be on this page, Add Contact and Add Tag?
    7.  Below this at all times there are two buttons, one says Done and the other cancel.
    8.  In both cases, selecting them returns one to the landing page.
    9.  Optional feature, beside each tag, a delete tag feature which will delete the tag in question, but in so
    doing it must remove all of the tags in the contacts and also the displayed tags in the Add Tag view.
